Terms of Sale and Use
=====================

By purchasing, using or continuing to use Opendime(TM) USB stick (the
"Product"), you, the purchaser of the Product, agree to be bound
by these terms of sale and use (the "Terms").

1.      Product Orders and Shipment. You may order Products through
our website (https://opendime.com/). No order, offer, sale, or other
terms that you submit in any manner in connection with any order
will be binding on us and you and you agree that the terms applicable
to each such order are set out exclusively in these Terms. We may
accept such order by confirmation through our website or by processing
the shipment for such order. If we do not have any available
inventory, we will place it on backorder and advise you through our
website. We ship all Products EXW (Incoterms 2010) from our or our
service providers' offices or facilities as determined by the
shipping destination. Except to the extent prohibited by applicable
law, all sales of Products are final and Products may not be returned
or exchanged.

2.      Quebec Residents. At present, Products are not offered to
persons domiciled in Quebec. Consequently, if you are domiciled in
Quebec, you cannot purchase the Products. We cannot ship Products
to Quebec addresses.

3.      Software. Products include certain software and firmware
(the "Software"). By purchasing Products, you are not purchasing
Software and do not receive any right, title or interest in or to
Software other the limited rights of use expressly set out in these
Terms. Subject to these Terms, we grant you a limited, non-exclusive,
non-transferable (subject to Section 6), non-sublicensable license
to use Software solely for your own business or personal use, and
solely in connection with your use of the Product in which they
have been included.

4.      Use of Products. The Products include functionality to store
and facilitate the transfer of bitcoin and other similar cryptocurrencies
which we choose in our sole discretion to support from time to time
("Coins") and which may be used to facilitate various types of
transactions and other activities ("Transactions"). You understand
and agree that we are not responsible for, and have no obligation
or liability to you or others in respect of any Transactions. You
agree to comply with all applicable laws in your use of Products
(including all Transactions), including without limitation any
anti-money laundering laws or regulations.

5.      Transfer of Products. You may transfer or sell Products to
others on the condition that you ensure that the transferee or
purchaser agrees to be bound by the then-current form of these Terms
available on our website at the time of transfer.

6.      Restrictions. You shall not: (a) except as expressly permitted
herein, reproduce, duplicate, copy, disclose, sell, resell, sublicense,
distribute, assign, transfer, give away, loan, lend, lease, publish,
pledge or create a security interest in the Software or use the
Software other than in connection with the Product on which it is
included; (b) modify, port, adapt, translate, reverse engineer,
unbundle, repackage, decompile, disassemble or convert into human
readable form any part of the Product or Software or create derivative
works based on, or any competitive or emulating software, service
or solution using, any Product or Software; (c) use any Product or
Software in a manner or for a purpose that: (i) is illegal or
otherwise contravenes applicable law (including the facilitation
or furtherance of any criminal or fraudulent activity or the violation
of any anti-money laundering legislation); or (ii) infringes upon
the lawful rights of others; (d) interfere with the security or
integrity of the Product or Software; (e) remove, destroy, cover,
obfuscate or alter in any manner any notices, legends, trademarks,
branding or logos appearing on or contained in any Product or
Software; or (f) attempt, or cause, permit or encourage any other
person, to do any of the foregoing. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
you may investigate security and other vulnerabilities, provided
you do so in a reasonable and responsible manner in compliance with
applicable law and our responsible disclosure policy and otherwise
use good faith efforts to minimize or avoid contravention of any
of the foregoing.

7.      Representations and Warranties. You represent, warrant and
covenant that: (a) you have the capacity to, and are and will be
free to, enter into and to fully perform your obligations under
these Terms and that no agreement or understanding with any other
person exists or will exist which would interfere with such
obligations; and (b) these Terms constitute a legal, valid and
binding obligation upon you.

8.      Prices and Payment. Prices are as set out on our website
at the time we receive a firm, irrevocable order from you through
our website or through other means we may establish from time to
time. The total purchase price for Products, including all applicable
shipping, handling, delivery and other charges and all applicable
taxes must be pre-paid at the time you submit your order. All amounts
paid or payable are non-refundable and shall be paid without
deduction, setoff or counterclaim. All prices, quotations, confirmations
and invoices are subject to exclusions or cancellation for clerical,
typographic and similar errors and omissions.

9.      Taxes. All prices on our price list are exclusive of
applicable taxes and you will pay or reimburse us for all applicable
taxes, duties, levies or assessments that may be assessed in any
jurisdiction, whether based on the amounts paid or payable or the
supply of Products to you or otherwise. If you wish to claim an
exemption from same, you must furnish to us a tax exemption certificate
acceptable to the applicable taxing authority.

10.     Ownership. Except for the limited rights of use expressly
granted to you under these Terms, all right, title and interest
(including all copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents,
inventions, trade secrets, intellectual property rights and other
proprietary rights) in and to the Software are and shall remain
exclusively owned by us and our licensors. All trade names, company
names, trademarks, service marks and other names and logos are the
proprietary marks of us or our licensors, and are protected by law
and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without
the consent of their respective owners. These Terms do not grant
you any rights in respect of any such marks. You understand and
agree that any feedback, input, suggestions, recommendations,
improvements, changes, specifications, test results, or other data
or information that you provide or make available to us arising
from or related to your use of the Products or Software shall become
our exclusive property and may be used by us to modify, enhance,
maintain and improve the Products or Software without any obligation
or payment to you whatsoever.

11.     Third Party Products. You acknowledge and agree that you
will require certain third party equipment, products, software and
services in order to use the Products and may also use optional
third party equipment, products, software and services that enhance
or complement such use (collectively, "Third Party Products"). You
acknowledge and agree that failure to use or procure Third Party
Products that meet the minimum requirements for Products, or failure
to properly configure or setup Third Party Products may result in
the inability to use the Products and/or processing failures or
errors. Third Party Products include, without limitation, computers,
mobile devices, networking equipment, operating system software,
web browsers and internet connectivity. We may also identify,
recommend, reference or link to optional Third Party Products in
the Products or our website. You acknowledge and agree that: (a)
Third Party Products are be governed by separate licenses, agreements
or terms and conditions and we have no obligation or liability to
you in respect thereof; and (b) you are solely responsible for
procuring any Third Party Products at your cost and expense, and
are solely responsible for compliance with any applicable licenses,
agreements or terms and conditions governing same.

12.     Confidentiality. You acknowledge that any unauthorized
disclosure of our confidential information to third parties may
cause immediate and irreparable harm to us. Consequently, you agree
to take all reasonable steps to maintain the confidentiality of the
Product and Software, and shall not, without our prior written
consent, disclose, or make them available in any form to any other
person, except to the extent reasonably required for the use or
transfer of the Product in accordance with these Terms. We reserve
the right to disclose information about you to the extent we are
required to do so by applicable law, lawful authorities or by a
court of competent jurisdiction.

13.     Privacy. You understand and agree that any personal information
provided to us will be governed by our privacy policy (the "Privacy
Policy"). The Privacy Policy is available through our website and
forms an integral part of these Terms.

14.     Security. You understand and agree that control and access
to Coins stored on any Product is based upon physical possession
and control of such Product and that any person given physical
possession of the Product may remove or transfer any or all Coins
stored on such Product.

15.     Warranty Disclaimer. You acknowledge and agree that your
use of Products is at your sole risk and that they are sold on an
"as-is" basis. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law,
we disclaim all representations, warranties and conditions regarding
the Products or your use thereof, including without limitation any
warranties or conditions of merchantability, merchantable quality,
durability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement,
title, quiet enjoyment or quiet possession and those arising by
statute or in law, or from a course of dealing or usage of trade.
We cannot and do not warrant that the Products will meet your
requirements or expectations, will operate without interruptions,
that they will be error-free, virus-free, that the results obtained
from their use will be timely, accurate, reliable or current or
that any or all deficiencies can be found or corrected. We do not
warrant that the Products or Software will not breach or infringe
applicable laws outside of Canada or the proprietary rights (including
patent, copyright, trade mark, or trade secret rights) of any third
party. We shall not be liable, and assume no responsibility, for
any loss or damages arising from or in connection with: (a) any
access, inability to access, delay, fault or failure of the Products
or Software resulting directly or indirectly from your or any public,
peer to peer or third party hardware, software, service, service
provider, network, information, user or computing resource; (b)
unauthorized access to or alteration, theft, loss, corruption or
destruction of Products; or (c) any act or omission of any third
party. We cannot represent or warrant that Products will be secure
at all times. If you use Products outside of Canada, you acknowledge
and agree that you are solely responsible for ensuring that such
use is permitted by applicable law in your jurisdiction.

16.     Acknowledgement of Risk. You understand and agree that: (a)
there are risks associated with the use and holding of Coins and
you represent and warrant that you are knowledgeable and/or experienced
in matters relating to the use of Coins and are capable of evaluating
the benefits and risks of using and holding Coins and fully understand
the nature of Coins, the limitations and restrictions on their
liquidity and transferability and are capable of bearing the economic
risk of holding and transacting using Coins; (b) the continued
ability to use Coins is dependent on many elements beyond our
control, including without limitation the publication of blocks,
network connectivity, hacking or changes in the technical and other
standards, policies and procedures applicable to Coins; (c) no
regulatory authority has reviewed or passed on the merits, legality
or fungibility of Coins; (d) there is no government or other insurance
covering Coins, the loss or theft of Coins, or any loss in the value
of Coins; (e) the use of Coins or the Products may become subject
to regulatory controls that limit, restrict, prohibit or otherwise
impose conditions on your use of same; (f) Coins do not constitute
a currency, asset, security, negotiable instrument, or other form
of property and do not have any intrinsic or inherent value; (g)
the value of and/or exchange rates for Coins may fluctuate significantly
and may result in you incurring significant losses; (h) Transactions
may have tax consequences (including obligations to report, collect
or remit taxes) and you are solely responsible for understanding
and complying with all applicable tax laws and regulations; and (i)
the use of Coins or Products may be illegal or subject to regulation
in certain jurisdictions, and it is your responsibility to ensure
that you comply with the laws of any jurisdiction in which you use
Coins or Products.

17.     Limitation of Liability. You agree that, to the maximum
extent permitted by applicable law, our aggregate liability arising
from or related to these Terms or any of the Products in any manner
will be limited to direct damages not to exceed the purchase price
you have paid to us for such Products (excluding shipping charges
and taxes). To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in
no event shall we be liable for any consequential, incidental,
indirect, special, punitive, or other damages whatsoever (including,
without limitation, damages for loss of revenue, profits, or expected
savings, business interruption, personal injury, loss of privacy,
loss of data or information or other pecuniary or intangible loss)
arising out of these Terms or the use of or inability to use any
of our Products or Software, even if we foresee or have been advised
of the possibility of such damages.

18.     Applicability. The limitations, exclusions and disclaimers
in these Terms shall apply irrespective of the nature of the cause
of action, demand or claim, including but not limited to breach of
contract, negligence, tort, or any other legal theory and shall
survive a fundamental breach or breaches and/or failure of the
essential purpose of these Terms or of any remedy contained herein.
Because some jurisdictions do not allow some or all of the exclusions
or limitations of liability set forth in these Terms, such limitations,
exclusions and disclaimers may not apply to you.

19.     Indemnification. You will indemnify and hold us, our
affiliates, subcontractors, licensors and agents and our and their
directors, offices, employees and representatives harmless from and
against all damages arising from or related to: (a) your breach of
these Terms; and (b) third party claims arising from or related to
your acts, omissions or Transactions.

20.     Assignment. Neither these Terms nor any of your rights or
obligations under these Terms may be transferred or assigned by
you, in whole or in part, whether voluntarily, by operation of law,
or otherwise, without our prior written consent and any such attempted
assignment or transfer shall be null and void. These Terms will
enure to the benefit of and be binding upon the respective successors
and permitted assigns of you and us. These Terms may be assigned
by us in our sole discretion.

21.     Legal Proceedings. You agree that all claims, disputes or
disagreements of any nature whatsoever arising from or relating to
these Terms, the Products, the Software or us (a "Dispute") will,
at our sole option, be settled by final and binding arbitration by
a single arbitrator pursuant to the Arbitration Act, 1991 (Ontario).
Judgement upon the award rendered in any such arbitration may be
entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof, or application
may be made to such court for a judicial acceptance of the award
and enforcement, as the law of such jurisdiction may require or
allow. The arbitration will take place in the City of Toronto,
Ontario, Canada and shall be conducted in English only. The arbitrator
will: (a) not limit, expand or modify the terms of these Terms nor
award damages in excess of compensatory damages permitted under
these Terms, and you hereby waive any claim to such excess damages;
(b) not have any ability to award any equitable remedies against
us; (c) not have the right to award any damages in excess of damages
that could lawfully be awarded by a court of competent jurisdiction
and subject always to limitations and exclusions in these Terms;
and (d) issue a written decision containing findings and conclusions
on all significant issues. Each party will each bear its own expenses
and an equal share of all costs and fees of the arbitration. All
participants, each of whom will be bound by an appropriate
confidentiality agreement, will hold the content and result of any
arbitration in confidence. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you
acknowledge and agree that irreparable injury may result to us if
you breach any of the provisions in these Terms and that damages
may be an inadequate remedy in respect of such breach. You hereby
agree in advance that, in the event of such breach, we shall be
entitled, in addition to such other remedies, damages and relief
as may be available at law or in equity, to the granting of
interlocutory and final injunctive relief. Any legal proceeding
brought by you against us must be brought within one year after the
event which is the subject of the proceeding has occurred. You agree
to waive any right you may have to commence or participate in any
class action against us in respect of any Dispute and further agree
to opt out of any class proceedings against us.

22.     Choice of Law. These Terms will be deemed to have been made
and performed exclusively in the Province of Ontario, Canada and
will be governed by and construed under the laws of the Province
of Ontario without giving effect to Ontario's conflict of laws
principles and without reference to the United Nations Convention
on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods, the application
of which is expressly excluded. You hereby irrevocably attorn to
the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Province of Ontario
and Canada situated in the City of Toronto for any claim related
to these Terms, the Products or Software that is not subject to
arbitration arising from or in connection with these Terms and agree
not to bring any action, claim, suit or proceeding against us, our
affiliates or agents (or any officer, director, or employee thereof)
in any jurisdiction other than the Province of Ontario.

23.     Entire Agreement. These Terms constitutes the entire agreement
between you and us with respect to the Products and Software and
cancel and supersede any prior understandings and agreements between
the parties hereto with respect thereto. There are no representations,
warranties, terms, conditions, undertakings or collateral agreements,
express, implied or statutory, between you and us other than as
expressly set forth in this Agreement. You represent and warrant
that you have not been induced to enter into these Terms by any
other statement, representation or warranty not contained in these
Terms. The headings in these Terms are for convenience of reference
only and do not affect the construction or interpretation of these
Terms.

24.     Survival. Neither the expiration nor the earlier termination
of your account will release you from any obligation or liability
that accrued prior to such expiration or termination. The provisions
of these Terms requiring performance or fulfilment after the
expiration or earlier termination of your account and any other
provisions hereof, the nature and intent of which is to survive
termination or expiration, will survive.

25.     Severability. To the extent that any provision of these
Terms is declared by a court or other lawful authority of competent
jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable: (a) such
provision shall be severed and deleted or limited so as to give
effect to the intent of the parties insofar as possible and both
parties will use their best efforts to substitute a new provision
of like economic intent and effect for the illegal, invalid or
unenforceable provision, and the remainder of these Terms shall
continue in full force and effect with respect to all other provisions;
and (b) notwithstanding the foregoing, we reserve the right to
terminate the order of any Products.

26.     Amendments and Waivers. No modification, amendment, addition
to or waiver of any rights, obligations or defaults by us shall be
effective unless in writing and signed by one of our authorized
signing officers. One or more waivers of any right, obligation or
default shall be limited to the specific right, obligation or default
waived and shall not be construed as a waiver of any subsequent
right, obligation or default. No delay or failure by us in exercising
any right hereunder and no partial or single exercise thereof shall
be deemed of itself to constitute a waiver of such right or any
other rights hereunder.

27.     Notices. Except as expressly set out in these Terms, any
demand, notice or other communication to be given to us shall be
given in writing by mail to the following address: Coinkite Inc.,
3219 Yonge St., Unit 376, Toronto, ON M4N 3S1 CANADA or to such
other address as we may advise you of from time to time, including
through our website. Any demand, notice or other communication to
be given to you may be given by mail, fax or e-mail using the contact
details we have on record or posted through to our website.

_v. 1.0. Last revised 2016-05-01._
